in the 22 m miss now support
of bastareaud that he is cleaning
in their grounding
this mix
big defense of united english paul
watch out for the milk thrown he lost two
very effective defense contact balloons and
it's a pity that on this phase of play
with a very good aggressiveness of rancor
putting on the ball carrier vomit hen
suddenly we will play upwind with a
matt stevens right away under the
juan smith pressure this release which
may enjoy maybe when a
relaunch in the closed with a rooney
polar escaping a first tackle
botha
so here
so good
and maybe tear off the balloons this
that tried to do to botha bakkies but
they always have the proposal the
English may have a ball
recovered one but in eight of the saracens
civilly
what is this team that lost good
there in contact you neither for the macro by
she for borthwick t the advantage of
English it's still you say mullahs
who spills sarel with marcelo bosch
face mathieu bastareaud the good return
through also smith in defense so
closed than apple
the great challenge of including ne
third lines miss france and
walt smith company that was pretty much
lost for rugby in August
latest
he tried a bet in
in Toulon and what season it achieves
player it's pretty fantastic this
story of roy lee smith who resigned
a sahel rct in the back that can
pass it apart speaks to him and who
retrace by hearing smith then also in
rather aggressive defense in the middle of
field which leaves few opportunities
to the English we see the violence of
contains tackles
rocksmith group it's really huge
we felt a year in his wine his match
concentrate Sebastian tillous rim in
the meaning with rosso that has gone to
contact is well done for a ch'ti
bet of his race with the return of two
hulls instead of louis de france a
revealed by her says paul to
joe smith wilkinson also took
bruixes of the star pharynx
internally disadvantages
it's all in there
the airlock team but those who are
initiative is against each other
everyone and bastareaud who manages
to straighten out his run in the second case
abbas made contact and the room
we artists between the two third lines the
generosity and cold water to
foundations for his partner nota
axillary starhawk there is also the call
interior of country foundations that tends to
fix the Tongan defender
edwin of evil and the two magnificent
this is the class high class and juan
smith who will not be far from being elected man
of this final